listen there have been a lot of
multiverse projects coming out right now
so I don't know if Hollywood is trying
to tell us something or what but I have
a little theory when it comes to this
franchise and where I think it's going
I personally do like the first one more
than the second one but if my theory
serves to be correct then things are
about to get a lot more fast and furious
let me explain so if you haven't seen
the first one we have a whole video on
it and it's actually kind of special
because that would be the first sequel
LME we've done after covering the first
one pretty much the second one starts as
if you've already seen the first one and
it puts Ryan in the loop not realizing
that it's his science experiment that
started it all even worse is when he
realizes that it's also caused these
time shifts where there are two of him
and the other one is actually the
babyface killer looking to be the one
who survives that specific timeline so
yeah it's already completely way
different than the first now I'm telling
you right off the bat the sequels to
this movie are going to get crazy like
if the first one was pitched as
Groundhog Day but as a horror the second
one was literally pitched by the
director as Back to the Future 2 but as
a horror so if the third one ends up
being like terminator or Cartoon
Network's time squad but as a Blum House
horror again things are gonna get wild
granted this one does slightly pull a
hangover a day job too because after
they realized what Ryan's going through
with his loophole they try to trigger
the machine again and it just goes back
to the first movie where tree is
reliving the same day over and over
again
now this completely kind of throws away
a lot of the theories people had for the
first one even with the main character
had for the first one it being a
personal cosmic connection with her mom
that thus makes the lesson she learned
more personal well that's completely
gone turns out is just a Dexter's
Laboratory fluke I don't know how the
reactor randomly captured tree in the
loop of all people since she didn't even
know about it or was even close to it
from what I remember but Desmond Hume
also forgot to press a button and you
saw what happened there the twist this
time around is that their spider versing
it while she is reliving the same day it
is also an alternate reality where she's
not dating Carter she's not cheating
with the professor where this guy has a
mortgage but it's still pretending to be
a college student and also one where the
mom is still alive now there is a
comedic side to it where tree has to
channel her inside Hannah Baker because
in order for these three to remember the
algorithms for progress
even though they're getting restarted
everyday tree has to limitless it in her
memory and then goes on a suicide binge
as she restarts her own day in order to
remind them so she goes off falls out of
a plane in a bikini fargo's herself
pulls a gwen stacy only to realize that
the killer this time around is the
professor and his wife it's kind of
interesting see the original ending to
the first one had tree coming out of a
death day loop everyone thinking that
she's saved only for the professor's
wife to poison her showing her that what
comes around goes around
test audiences hated that and so the
director had to pull it but
interestingly enough pulled his own time
loop as well and found a way to
incorporate it into the sequel now
obviously it's fiction so not everything
in the movie makes sense but you know
they completely ignored the butterfly
aspect to it like for starters if the
mom is still alive wouldn't that mean
that tree has a completely different
upbringing and would be making
completely different decisions maybe
even end up in a completely different
college would she have found herself in
the same dorm room since one little
change would have created a completely
different outcome did the set up of Ryan
facing his doppelganger mean that she
would have had to face her own as well
but never did and I'm bringing these
things up mainly cuz I don't see them as
new pics but as something that was the
literal theme of the movie they did were
those themes of not living in the past
and the big one which was the past is
what makes you so embrace it or else
you'd be a completely different person
but let's be honest she's still kind of
the same I don't get me wrong I love the
specific themes they bring up in the
movie and I think the best scene is
hands-down the moment with the mom like
not only was it a heartbreaking scene
but Jessica not tree the actors herself
performed that scene like she was
actually saying by door oh mama and it
turns out she actually really went there
so that idea of having to make the tough
choice of leaving your mom behind in
order to return to your actual timeline
that made you you I thought was stupid
bra and no point in the movie did that
plan make any sense to me
let me explain so you're telling me that
because tree didn't share the new
memories with her mom since she didn't
pass that because she didn't share those
memories she felt like a stranger to her
and would rather go back to the timeline
where her mom is dead
uh pretending to have been there with
your mom not having your mom at all
yeah and I'm actin then there's the idea
that she's going back for Carter which
let's keep it 100
Carter's known her for like a day and
even in this timeline he's still taking
care of her he's still stuck with your
crazy self which shows you he's easy to
scoop up again and like you even caught
his girl cheating also you're no longer
cheating in this timeline pretty much
everything is better for you in this
timeline again the themes that they
touch upon our cue I just dare anyone to
try to convince me why she couldn't just
stay here and get the best of both
worlds even if he hit me with the
morality of it I mean it's her life so
as long as she's screwing anyone over
but also my fast and furious theory
while she does go back to our normal
timeline by the end of the movie they
end up showing you this after credits
scene where DARPA an actual agency takes
ahold of their time machine and wants to
use it for things and ends on the joke
to Danielle get stuck in the loop but
I'm telling you right now that they're
about to become frickin secret agents
like Jerry already has the algorithms
memorized and knows the loopholes these
guys are the ones who created it so they
need to be used this guy doesn't have
any franchises so I'm sure he's
available so if they pull a fast five
and go from a small time loop thriller
of a movie to happy death year 8 where
their time travel agents then this
series like I said is gonna be crazy
imagine the Cloverfield movies and how
they play with genres with each
installment imagine the Furious movies
and how they're completely different
with number 9 by now so if this
franchise gets to the point where
they're traveling back in time and
manipulating time lines then girl you're
gonna wish you stayed in this one thank
you guys for watching this video I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comments section like I said it's
one of those were I feel that in a
couple of years I truly believe this
we're gonna be looking back and blum
house is gonna have their Fast and
Furious version of a franchise something
that started off really small becomes
this crazy wacky thing I'm excited for
it because I don't know when people
hated The Fast and Furious franchise
like the first one got buzzed and then
it really dwindled out and then it Reve
iterated you imagine if the rock ends up
in a happy deathday movie then my theory
is 100% correct but I believe that's
where it's gonna get I like one more
than the second one and again it's just
the second one not only about repetitive
which I guess is kind of the point but
it really did kind of feel when you
when you look at it kind of dumb with
the decisions they're making because you
couldn't just stayed there especially if
they do end up making those crazy
decisions that I'm talking about but
here's to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section there was another
thing to know one of the things that I
like doing with the outros is picking up
some of the behind the scenes or the
reception to these movies but there was
a parkland scenario going on with this
movie in particular where parents from
one of the victims from parkland pretty
much reached out to Universal Studios
they like had him on the line and told
them that because of the anniversary
being on the 14th and this movie's
marketing being all around Valentine's
Day they asked them to move it up a day
and they did and the good thing about
the story that I'll cover was that they
kind of pulled a Slenderman where if you
remember Slenderman wasn't promoted in
Wisconsin in the pits in the particular
town where the incidents happened and
pretty much Universal took all of the
advertisement away from parkland I don't
know how that works for a TV but pretty
much any posters or billboards that was
taken away so no one would feel bad
about it but but my big thing that I'm
trying to say here is that they're
making not the biggest deal but how they
the Universal execs went out of their
way to push the movie forward to the
13th so that wouldn't be shown on the
14th and respect of this family but yoki
laundry you know this movie was gonna
come out to 13th anyway that way on
Valentine's Day was already showing like
isn't it romantic Alita they came out on
the 13th too late I don't feel like it
says novel as they made it out to be but
I'm curious are your thoughts about it
do you think movie should be shifted
because of a real-life scenario that
happened are you for it or you're
against it small things like that things
that I feel are gonna become a big deal
that's why I'm bringing it up here cuz
what all the crazy conversations that we
have and I'm dragging out the sound
trouble with all the crazy conversations
that we have about how movies and genres
and things get received you know release
states I feel by the end of 2019 are
gonna be a big thing people are
complaining about should a movie about
something be released on Presidents Day
or Martin Luther King Day I'm telling
you calling it right now you ain't got a
loop back to this time loop I'm telling
you that's gonna be a thing that we're
gonna deal with however I'm Kirsten are
your thoughts about this movie did you
like it did you enjoy it
are you excited for the third one your
theories about it all that down below in
the comment section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe or you'll be
stuck living this day in a loop